# Social-Media-Analytics-for-Business
SARS-CoV-2 was formally classified as a public health emergency of global significance by the WHO on January 30, 2020. More than 140 million cases and 3 million fatalities had been reported globally as of 18 April 2021, (www.who.int, n.d.). The Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine was the first to receive approval for widespread use and was approved for use on December 2, 2020, just over a year after the pandemic was announced in the UK. In a remarkably short amount of time, a number of vaccinations have been created and licensed to combat the pandemic. The ChAdOx1 vaccine from AstraZeneca/Oxford, as well as messenger RNA (mRNA) vaccines developed by Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna, are the primary vaccinations used in the Western world, despite the fact that a number of vaccines have currently been licensed globally.
In comparison to the other Covid-19 pharmaceutical companies over the previous two years, Pfizer received the highest mentions on Twitter and Reddit, according to Global Data’s Social Media Analytics database. In Q2 2021, the business posted a total of 9123 times on both social media platforms, which was a record high. Even though Moderna attracted the most attention on Twitter in the first half of 2020, Pfizer dominated the conversation by the end of the year due to the flurry of approvals for its mRNA Covid-19 vaccine. In the first half of 2021, Reddit saw an even greater surge in this chatter. Although its vaccine partner BioNTech experienced a similar trendline of peaked interest, the business did not achieve the same levels of notoriety.
